CodeBook.md
-----------------------------


Tidy Dataset Columns
Column Name|Description
| ------------- |:-------------:| 
ActivityID|A value of 1-6 corresponding to Activity
Activity|The text name of the Activity
Subject|A value of 1-30 representing the subject of this observation
tBodyAcc-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAcc-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAcc-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAcc-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAcc-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAcc-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAcc-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAcc-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyro-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyro-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyro-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyro-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAccMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tGravityAccMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAcc-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAcc-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAcc-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAcc-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyGyro-mean()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyGyro-std()-X|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyGyro-std()-Y|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyGyro-std()-Z|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyAccMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()|Average measurement of the original dataset
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()|Average measurement of the original dataset

